# OlmstedScrape

OlmstedFlickr.ipynb: This notebook was created to aid in a historical research project involving the Olmsted firm of landscape architects. The original plans and photographs held at Olmsted National Historic Site in Brookline, MA have been digitized and uploaded to Flickr along with metadata descriptions. This notebook uses a python wrapper for the Flickr API to locate and download original images from ONHS photosets relating to specified Olmsted firm job numbers, parsing the descriptions to generate a metadata .csv file. Due to formatting inconsistencies and errors in the human-entered descriptions and titles, the code had to be fairly robust for a simple, narrowly-applicable scraper. On its most recent running as of this writing, the notebook was successfully used to download and log metadata for approximately 5,000 images, some 25 GB of material, over a multi-hour run. 

OlmstedFlickrDisparity.ipynb: This notebook is a modification of OlmstedFlicker.ipynb created to log the disparity between number of total available plans listed in album descriptions and the actual image count of albums. Due to duplicate copies of plans or multiple views of the same plan, the image count doesn't necessarily align perfectly with the number of unique plans present in the album - ergo the handful of albums with negative disparities - but it should give an idea of how many of the total plans for each job aren't available on Flickr. 

The public version of these notebooks are not functional in their current state, as the Flickr API key, secret, ONHS user ID, and destination file path have been removed. 
